Describe what happens to departed users in On-Call (#30986)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/on-call/schedules.md

- Change `webcal://` to `http://` or `https://` at the beginning of the URL. For example, change `webcal://<your_personal_link>` to `http://<your_personal_link>`.

### Managing user departures

When team members leave your organisation, they are not automatically removed from On-Call schedules:

> - **Schedule membership**: Users remain part of schedules and are not automatically removed when they leave. You must manually update schedules to remove departed team members and reassign their shifts.
> - **Notifications**: If a user's Datadog account is deactivated, they stop receiving all On-Call notifications (SMS, email, push notifications, etc.), even if they remain assigned to shifts in the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Schedule membership**: Departed users remain in On-Call schedules until manually removed. You must update schedules to remove former team members and reassign their shifts.
- **Notifications**: If a user's Datadog account is deactivated, they no longer receive On-Call notifications (such as SMS, email, and push notifications), even if still assigned to scheduled shifts.
```
